test: add stmt flow test cases (#5)
tidb-incubator/vldbss-2021: stmtflow/README.md

# The stmtflow test tool

## Introduction

The `stmtflow` test [tool](https://github.com/zyguan/tidb-test-util) is used to run a suite of **sql tests** on the tinysql/tinykv cluster **concurrently**. 

> In the summer schoolproject, we could use this tool to write specific test cases with multiple connections or sessions to test the concurrency results of our
> transaction engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the summer school project, we could use this tool to write specific test cases with multiple connections or sessions to test the concurrency results of our transaction engine.
```

## How to use it

```

> https://github.com/zyguan/tidb-test-util.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git clone https://github.com/zyguan/tidb-test-util.git
```
